Customizable Pull Request title, body and labels (#8)
cloudposse/github-action-atmos-component-updater: docs/github-action.md

| infra-terraform-dirs | CSV list of terraform directories in infra repo. For example 'components/terraform,components/terraform-old. Default 'components/terraform' | components/terraform | false |
| log-level | Log level for this action. Default 'INFO' | INFO | false |
| max-number-of-prs | Number of PRs to create. Maximum is 10. | 10 | false |

> | pr-body-template | Template in Python's Jinja2 format to use for PR body. If not set template from `src/templates/pr\_body.j2.md` will be used |  | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pr-body-template | A string representing a Jinja2 formatted template to be used as the content of a Pull Request (PR) body.  If not set template from `src/templates/pr\_body.j2.md` will be used |  | false |
```
